IDE search options (#8497)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface.md

Reviewer: making emdash
```suggestion
The [<Constant name="cloud_ide" />](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/develop-in-studio) is a tool for developers to effortlessly build, test, run, and version-control their dbt projects, and enhance data governance — all from the convenience of your browser. Use the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> to compile dbt code into SQL and run it against your database directly — no command line required!
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Use intuitive [keyboard shortcuts](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/keyboard-shortcuts) to make development easier for you and your team.
```

3. [**Version Control**](#editing-features) &mdash; The <Constant name="cloud_ide" />'s powerful Version Control section contains all git-related elements, including the <Constant name="git" /> actions button and the **Changes** section. 

> 4. **File explorer &mdash;** The File explorer shows the filetree of your repository. You can:

Reviewer: good catch!

7. **Status button &mdash;** The <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> Status button, located on the lower right of the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />, displays the current <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> status. If there is an error in the status or in the dbt code that stops the project from parsing, the button will turn red and display "Error". If there aren't any errors, the button will display a green "Ready" status. To access the [<Constant name="cloud_ide" /> Status modal](#modals-and-menus), simply click on this button.

> ## Search and commands

Author: ```suggestion
## Search bar and command palette
```

The <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> provides tools to help you quickly navigate your project's files, find information, run commands, and replace syntax with just a few clicks in a layout that's familiar to users of popular IDEs.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/search-and-command.png" width="90%" title="Use the search bar and command palette to quickly navigate your file tree and open tabs."/>

1. [Search and replace](#search-and-replace)
2. [Command palette](#command-palette)

### Search and replace

> The search feature enables you to quickly parse your files for specific terms or phrases and replace them with the click of a button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search feature enables you to quickly find specific terms or phrases and replace them with the click of a button.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/search-and-replace.png" width="50%" title="Search files for specific terms and quickly replace them." />

> 1. Toggle between the **file tree** and **search** navigation panes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Toggle between **file tree** and **search** navigation.
```

> 2. Search for words or phrases. Enhance the search to match case and/or whole words. You can also input replacement words or phrases. Click the icon next to the **Replace** bar to replace all entries.

Reviewer: I suggest field or box, but bar (to me) means something longer.
```suggestion
2. Search for words or phrases. Enhance the search to match case and/or whole words. You can also input replacement words or phrases. Click the icon next to the **Replace** field to replace all entries.
```

Author: Field works!

> 3. Navigate the search results. Click an entry to open the related file and highlight it on the screen. If you've entered replacement text, you'll see a preview of the new syntax. Click the symbol next to an entry to substitute the text with whatever is in the **Replace** bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate the search results. Click an entry to open the related file and highlight it on the screen. If you've entered replacement text, you'll see a preview of the new syntax. Click the symbol next to an entry to substitute the text with whatever is in the **Replace** field.
```

###  Command palette

> The command palette enhances navigation of your dbt project, enabling you to search files, content, and symbols, show and run IDE commands, view recent files, and more. Click the command palette to view the available options. Actions that support keyboard shortcuts will display them to the right of the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command palette enhances navigation of your dbt project, enabling you to search files, content, and symbols, show and run IDE commands, view recent files, and more. Click the command palette to view the available options. Actions supporting keyboard shortcuts display to the right of the text.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/command-palette.png" width="90%" title="The command palette enables you to quickly navigate your project and run commands." />

- **Go to File:** Search for files in your current project and open them in a new tab.

> - **Show and Run Commands:** View and run commands related to IDE navigation and settings. _The command palette doesn't currently include dbt commands such as `run` or `build`._

Author: ```suggestion
- **Show and Run Commands:** View and run commands related to IDE navigation and settings. 
   Note: dbt commands (such as `run` and `build`) are available only in the [Command bar](#console-section) menu in the console; the command palette doesn't currently support them.
```

> - **Show and Run Commands:** View and run commands related to IDE navigation and settings. _The command palette doesn't currently include dbt commands such as `run` or `build`._

Reviewer: Not married to this suggestion but maybe make this info a note? Or at least link to the command bar as a reminder of where they can use these commands.
```suggestion
- **Show and Run Commands:** View and run commands related to IDE navigation and settings. 
    :::info
    To run dbt commands like `dbt run` or `dbt build`, use the [Command bar](#console-section) at the bottom of the IDE instead of the command palette.
    :::
```

> - **Search for Text:** Search for text and open files from results, or send your results to the [search and replace](#search-and-replace) pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search for Text:** Search for text across your project and either open files from the results or send results to the [search and replace](#search-and-replace) section for bulk changes.
```

#### Global Command Palette
  The Global Command Palette provides helpful shortcuts to interact with the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />, such as git actions, specialized dbt commands, and compile, and preview actions, among others. To open the menu, use Command-P or Control-P.

>   <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-global-search-palette-with-save.png" width="100%" title="The Command History returns a log and detail of all your dbt invocations."/>

Author: ```suggestion
  <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-global-command-palette-with-save.png" width="100%" title="The Command History returns a log and detail of all your dbt invocations."/>
```
